---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

# What did you do this past week?

This past week I focused a lot on my part-time work. I completed my first major task and I’ve started to work on my next long-term project.

# What's in your way?

I had the misfortune of falling sick this weekend. I feel much better today (Sunday) than I did on Friday so fingers crossed that I’ll be at 100% tomorrow.

# What will you do next week?

Next week I’ll be preparing for the first test in this class as well as working on the third Compilers project. My group hasn’t made any headway on the next phase of the project so we’ll try to make time for that this week. Obviously, preparation for the test might interfere but we’ll do our best.

# What's my experience of the class?

The lectures feel much like the lectures in OOP. In both, we tend to focus on one or two features of the language and explore all the possible uses and misuses. While some may find this tedious, I really enjoy this kind of discussion of programming languages. I would love to be able to take a course of this style on other programming languages at UT.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is that you shouldn’t eagerly update to a new operating system you don’t need. I upgraded to macOS High Sierra out of pure desire to make the little red “updates available” badge on the Mac App Store Updates tab go away. I’ve been experiencing some strange problems likely related to the new file system, and I’d have been much better off waiting for the first couple bug fix releases to come out before updating.