---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

# What did you do this past week?

This past week I finished my penultimate project for compilers and iOS. I  taught the last MAD workshop of the semester. I started regularly wearing contact lenses (as opposed to glasses) for the first time and I’m getting better at putting them in. At this point, it takes at most 45 minutes.

# What's in your way?

I want to try to find a balance this Thanksgiving break between relaxation and continuing to study for the exams that follow shortly after the break. I find it’s better to be realistic about what I will accomplish during the break than to constantly worry about not fulfilling an impossible ideal. I believe I’ll be happy if I can get 5 hours of studying in amongst the festivities.

# What will you do next week?

Next week I will eat an ungodly amount of pumpkin pie.

# What's my experience of the class?

Our group was dealt a blow of misfortune last week when our website was down during grading. It was down because we ran out of GCP credits. We’re consuming the credits faster than most groups (to my understanding) because we’re using the flex environment. I believe the only thing restricting us from moving to the standard environment is the fact that our database is a PostgreSQL database. One of the things we’ll be considering in our polish portion of IDB4 are the benefits and detriments of making that switch.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is an article titled [Much ado about iOS app architecture](http://aplus.rs/2017/much-ado-about-ios-app-architecture/). Architecture is my favorite topic to debate concerning iOS development, and I tend to agree with the sentiment expressed in the article. The gist of it is that iOS developers have of lately leaned toward abstractions that don’t ultimately pay for their own complexity. Half of iOS conference talks are just people presenting a new an convoluted way to populate a table view. It’s refreshing to hear someone else’s appreciation for simplicity.