---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

# What did you do this past week?

This past Monday, I took my first exam of the semester. It did not go exceedingly poorly, but it also did not go outstandingly well. This was the first of 4 tests for this class, 1 of which will be dropped from our final grade. I was hoping to do well enough on the first 3 so as not to have to take the fourth but that ship might have already sailed. It will be difficult to say for sure until I’ve taken each of the first 3. Also, this Thursday was especially stressful because I had a major assignment due in 5 of my 6 classes (including this one).

# What's in your way?

I’ve been needing to speak with an advisor about graduation plans since the start of the semester. I haven’t gotten around to it because I got very busy very quickly with classes. Now that things are about to die down for a week or two though, I will need to make time to finally have the meeting.

# What will you do next week?

The upcoming week should not be nearly as busy as this past week was, so I’m hoping to seize the opportunity to focus quite a bit on my work. I’ve been assigned plenty to do already, so I’m looking forward to getting checking things off my to-do list.

# What's my experience of the class?

As I mentioned in my last post, I was taken a bit off guard by how open-ended the instructions for this second project were. A this point I’m grateful that that was the case. We would have been in a sticky situation if the first approach we had to the project were the required method. We spent several days beating our heads against the wall trying to get the project in a state wherein we could begin building the front end with React. In the end, we opted to just use Flask’s template engine to build our pages, which was immeasurably easier to use and iterate with.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is to disable email notifications for your Watching repositories on GitHub. I realized that the added clutter of email notifications was not worth the (roughly) instant receiving of the notifications. I would always become aware of the notifications the next time I sat down to work anyway, so the disabling the emails was an ample opportunity to minimize stress.