---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

# What did you do this past week?

This past week I worked a lot on my Compilers project as well as IDB2. I spent some time looking at which spring semester classes to register for next week. I’m going to lack a few hours to graduate in the spring, so I also started looking at what classes I’ll be taking over the summer.

# What's in your way?

As always, I feel very restricted by time. The weeks have really been flying by lately. It feels like October just got started and it’s already nearly over.

# What will you do next week?

I’ll spend some time Monday and Tuesday preparing for my Compilers midterm. The alpha release of my iOS project is due on Tuesday, but I’ve already completed my share of the project. There’s a nonzero chance I’ll need to help out before then though. Also, since I will soon no longer need it for my Halloween costume, I will shave my mustache.

# What's my experience of the class?

Unfortunately, turning in IDB2 came down to the wire for my group. We had some issues estimating the amount of work remaining on the front-end. Apart from a couple snags getting things going on GCP, the changes to the back-end went through without a hitch. In an immediate post-mortem, our group agreed we can do more to share the state of our progress.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is [Super Mario Odyssey](https://www.nintendo.com/games/detail/super-mario-odyssey-switch), which I bought on Friday after reading so many superb reviews. I haven’t gotten to play it yet, but I’m looking forward to getting to sit back, relax, and have a good time with it.