---
layout: post
title: September 24, 2017
---

# What did you do this past week?

This past week I realized that–unlike CS 371p–the weekly blog for CS 373 is not optional.

On a more exciting note, this past week marked the start of my part-time contract with my future full-time employer, [eero](https://eero.com). I’ll be putting in ~10 hours each week during the school year, working primarily on several ongoing projects I started during my internship. Right now, I’m focused on preparing our app for the iPhone X screen.

# What's in your way?

I have a lot on my plate this semester. While I’m confident that I can rise to that challenge, there are only so many hours in a day. Time is the greatest constraint on my path to having a successful semester. I absolutely expect a shortage of time to be a recurring theme in this section of my blog posts.

# What will you do next week?

I’ll be kicking things off on Monday with my first PHY 303K exam. After that, my time outside of class and work will be spent working on project 2 for this class, the second compilers project, and planning for the long-term project of my iOS class. I’m also hoping to get back in the saddle with regard to working out every morning. I took much of last week off so it’s critical that I pick back up again before falling into a rut.

# What's my experience of the class?

The extreme degree to which the instructions for the project 2 have been open-ended has been a little frustrating. It contrasts starkly with the [highly thorough workflow](http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/downing/cs373/Workflow.html) provided for the first project. In a way, this closely resembles the working world, in which typically only the desired end is provided without the means.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is [Foot Cardigan](https://www.footcardigan.com). It's a wonderful service that sends a nifty pair of socks to your doorstep for just $12 each month. This month, they sent me a very cool pair of taco-themed socks, which garnered several compliments as I wore them this weekend.