---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

# What did you do this past week?

I was successful in jumpstarting our team’s progress on IDB2 in spite of the impending (now past) exam. I was able to get us off the ground with respect to SQLAlchemy and our database configuration. I also got a much needed haircut.

# What's in your way?

A co-worker will be visiting Austin Wednesday through Saturday so I’ll have to work to fit in a time to have lunch with him in the midst of everything else in my busy schedule.

# What will you do next week?

I’m kicking off this week with 2 tests on Monday. From Tuesday on, my highest priority is making progress on IDB2. There’s quite a bit of work to be done. As the lead for this phase of the project, I’m going to push for as much of it to be done as early as possible.

# What's my experience of the class?

I had an overall good experience with the first exam. I believe it was the first exam I’ve taken that included a live-coding component. I’d be remiss not to say it was *technically* the most fun test I’ve taken this semester. Getting to write code during a test is a breath of fresh air compared to writing argumentative essays. I’m looking forward to the next exam.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

I’m currently taking CS 375 (Compilers) with Professor Novak and I’ve been thoroughly enjoying the course. Previously, a compiler seemed very much like a black box to me, the intricacies of which would be incomprehensible to the layperson. The class has taught me that they are not–in fact–magic. The Pascal compiler we’ve been slowly piecing together for the class is written in C, so naturally I started exploring what it’d be like to write a compiler in a better language (*holds for laugh*). My pick-of-the-week is [this series of blog posts about a compiler written in Swift](https://harlanhaskins.com/2017/01/08/building-a-compiler-with-swift-in-llvm-part-1-introduction-and-the-lexer.html). I was especially intrigued by how well Swift’s feature of powerful enumerations lends itself well to representing certain abstractions.