---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

# What did you do this past week?

In terms of schoolwork, this past week was occupied by a physics test, a government quiz, and IDB3. Highlights outside of school included: finally sorting and folding laundry I did several weeks ago, ordering a new coffee mug online, and finally watching the first season of Stranger Things.

# What's in your way?

In looking ahead at my schedule, I’ve realized that the weeks following Thanksgiving hold a barrage of exams. I’m going to try to begin studying for those starting this week so as not to bury myself in a mound of stress and cramming after the holiday.

# What will you do next week?

This week I’ll be working on the penultimate compilers project and a couple iOS assignments. I’m going to contribute more on the frontend side of things in IDB4 so I’m going to try to get an early start to making contributions to that effect. This week is also the last week of the MAD workshops I teach of the semester.

# What's my experience of the class?

IDB3 turned out to be another project for which the majority of the work was performed in the days leading up to its due date. We don’t seem to be getting any better at understanding how much work is *left* in the days leading up to the project. 

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is [my own holiday music playlist](https://itunes.apple.com/us/playlist/tis-the-season/pl.u-mJKBIPW3by), which has been on heavy rotation since the day after Halloween. It’s always a work in progress creating the perfect holiday playlist–but mine currently features my favorite tracks from the holiday albums of Michael Bublé, Kacey Musgraves, John Roderick, and Jonathan Coulton.