---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

# What did you do this past week?

This past week I started working on script for IDB2 to start funneling in data into our database. We ran into a snag when we ran out of GCP credits much sooner than anticipated. I very quickly set up a Postgres database on Heroku for us to continue developing with in the meantime but we’ll need to remedy that early in the week.

# What's in your way?

I have not thought much about what classes I’ll be registering for for the upcoming semester. Since it will (hopefully) be my last here at UT, I feel a need to pick them more carefully than I normally would (for some reason).

# What will you do next week?

Next week is a real challenge when it comes to projects. I’ll be focusing time on my Compilers project for Thursday, IDB2 for Friday, and my iOS project for the Tuesday after that. I’m starting to slip on working out regularly again so I’ll try to fit that in wherever possible.

# What's my experience of the class?

This past week our team made good progress on IDB2. This project, like many others, is proving to be difficult with respect to dividing work. The work for mature projects that need smaller modifications or largely additive additions is easier to divide among people. It’s much harder when things affect the structure of the project and depend on other unfinished work.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is [PSequel](http://www.psequel.com). It's a GUI tool for interacting with PostgreSQL databases. I’ve been using it to validate the scripts I’m writing to populate our database for IDB. It doesn’t support some common tasks (e.g. creating a new table), but it’s definitely filling the needs I’ve had so far. It’s also written in Swift, which is always a plus in my eyes.
